21. Suppose file 1 contains             and file 2 contains
package media.records;                      package media.records;
public class Labels{ . . . }                public class Length{ . . . }
class Check { . . . }                       class Review { . . . }
a. Are the Check class and the Review class in the same package?
no
b. What is the name of file 1?
Labels.java
c. What is the name of file 2?
Length.java
d. What is the name of the directory that contains the two files?
records
e. What is that directory a subdirectory of?
media


28. Describe three uses of a tree structure as a way of organizing information.
heiarchery list
Chess solution search
machine learning node map

29. find what the nodes and edges would represent
trips through airline
    node would be an airport, edge would be a specific flight

countries and their borders
    node would be the country, edge would be trade

a collection of articles about data structures
    node would be the article, edge would be references to eachother

actors
    node would be people, each edge would represent a degree of seperation to that person

computers at a university
    node would be the computer, edge would be its intranet connection to the other computers

labrynth
    node would be a decision point, edge would be NESW walls / openings

the web
    node would be websites, edge would be links to other websites from that website



Assume that date1 and date2 are objects of class IncDate as deined in
Section 1.2 “Organizing Classes.” What would be the output of the following code?
date1 = new IncDate(5, 5, 2000);
date2 = date1;
System.out.println(date1);
System.out.println(date2);
date1.increment();
System.out.println(date1);
System.out.println(date2);

as defined in the original file, all four print statements will output the same thing


Write a program that declares a 10-element array of Date, uses a loop to initialize
the elements to December 1 through 10 of 2005, and then uses another loop to print
the contents of the array, one date per line.
